[MUSIC]
>> Kyle: By a show of hands, how many of
you feel like you've written node code
now?
>> Kyle: If anybody doesn't raise their
hand, I feel like I'm failing.
Okay, yeah.
Well, there's more to go.
We're not even halfway through.
We're just about to start five and the
plan calls for us to go through eleven.
So there's more to go.
There's plenty more fun stuff for
us to learn about.
So speaking of that let's take our
4.Serve.JS and save as to5.server.Js.
All right so what I want to do is I want
to rather than show you how to do this.
I want to tell you what I want and
have you attempt it.
And then again I'll kind of talk
through how I would approach it.
So the first thing that I want you guys to
do and I'll give you maybe a minute and
a half to do this.
This is not hard, but
I want you to set up a couple of timeouts.
You'll use the callback methodology.
We're going to simulate
a little bit of asynchronicity.
And what I want you to do is in the first
time out, you can make these take 500
milliseconds apiece or a second apiece,
however long you want to do it.
But in the first timeout after
the 500 milliseconds or 1,000 passes,
I want you to generate a random number and
store that off in a variable.
And then I want you to wait another 500 or
1,000 milliseconds and I want you to print
a string, I mean, put together a string,
the Hello World plus the random number.
And then in the third delay after
another 500 or 1,000 milliseconds,
I want you to write that
out to the response stream.
So it's a three step process.
Wait and then generate the random number,
wait and then add it to the string,
wait and
then send that out to the browser.
Okay?
And so, you could start by doing
that with a couple of set timeouts.
But I will let you try your hand
at it, and you'll do that right there,
basically, on line 5.
Then turn line five into
[COUGH] some code to do that.
>> Kyle: All right.
So, you should be at least
partially along in this what we
would wanna do is first set up
a setTimeout with the function
that's gonna run after let's
say 500 milliseconds or so.
And this setTimeout inside of that,
we want to generate a random number.
So I'm gonna say,
num = Math.random.
And then I want to wait another
>> Kyle: Set of time.
Let's say 500 milliseconds.
>> Kyle: Let me verify just
make sure whether I did two or three.
I can't remember if I said two or
three in the other one.
>> Kyle: I know what it was, okay.
So [COUGH]
>> Kyle: This
is where we're going to do our,
>> Kyle: Res.end.Hello World and
we're going to use the number that
we generated in our previous step.
And I can change those back to 1000.
So I misstated earlier when
I said doing three delays.
In this case we only need
to do the two delays.
The first delay to generate
the random number.
Second delay to send out the response.
Did everybody gets something
roughly approximate to that?
Seeing several nodding heads, okay.
Wave wildly at me.
If you feel like we're getting off
track from what you've been doing.